gaza's only Power Station has now run
out of fuel and supplies of food water
and Medicine are dwindling more than
1400 people have been killed since
Saturday in retaliatory attacks in the
territory and the Red Cross says if
backup generators fail hospitals risk
becoming morgs and there are reports
tonight in the last few minutes of heavy
shelling in areas of Gaza thought to
have been safe for families John Donson
has more on the desperate situation
inside G
in Gaza whole neighborhoods have been
reduced to
Rubble Israel says these are Precision
strikes for Palestinians it doesn't feel
that way and they're
defiant I will never leave this place he
says I don't care what planes you send I
will never leave
here outside the main shifa hospital the
bodies are being lined up the morg is
full inside we're told this young girl
has lost her entire immediate
family and in the Next Room um Muhammad
is saying her final
goodbyes we were sleeping and they
bombarded our house like everyone else
we don't have any resistance fighters in
our building all the building is full of
residents 100 20 people live
there doctors are overwhelmed short on
medicines and running out of fuel to
provide Power we are facing disaster
actually uh we are expecting if things
run like in the same manner and we still
receiving the same number of injured and
casuality that we received in the last
four or five days I think the whole
medical sector and the health department
maybe will collaps maybe in two or three
days I I don't think that they can
manage it the hospital is full of P
patients hospitals are also one of the
few relatively safe places in the
grounds outside the displaced to setting
up makeshift
camps we're sleeping here with the
bombing above us 15-year-old Muhammad
says I hope that the world will have
mercy some of those here have lived
through half a dozen
Wars they slaughtered our children and
destroyed our houses over our heads and
here we are in this streets says
65-year-old TAA Halas dead bodies are
stacked over each other children and
toddlers he goes
on in carun in the south of Gaza they're
burying the dead wherever they
can and these funerals will not be the
last many more will grieve before this
war is over John Donis
BBC News in
Jerusalem well our correspondent rushi
Abu Al is in Gaza one of the very few
journalists reporting from inside the
besieged territory and he sent us this
update another night of heavy air
strikes here in Gaza and in in southern
city of kanun as the health Ministry
said the number of death are past the
1500 this night is followed by a very
long day of Israeli are strikes and also
using artillery fire in some of the area
for the second time which is make people
worry about possible ground incursion as
I remember in 2014 when the Israeli
started to bomb the northern part of
Gaza it was straight away we have seen
tanks started to to move until now there
is no sign of any tanks Crossing into
Gaza but people here everywhere are
talking about possible ground in Kion
the people in Gaza they knew very well
what's the meaning of tanks fighting
Hamas in a densely bated refugee camps
in the north and across the border they
have lived the this situation in back in
2014 where thousands of people were
killed and hundreds of homes were
destroyed today the uh Health uh
situation deteriorated in a very
difficult way I have been to the main
hospital in Gaza I have met the director
of the hospital who told me that they
are almost running out of fuel almost
running out of all the Essential Medical
kits that needed to save the people's
life RI Abu Al there reporting for us